feat(changelog): console-added-notification-manager-is-now-available 2025-03-27 (#4718)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2025/2025-03-27-console-added-notification-manager-is-now-available.mdx

---
title: Notification manager is now available
status: added
date: 2025-03-27
category: console
product: console
---

> We are happy to announce that you can now manage the notifications of your organization in the console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that you can now manage the notifications of your Organization in the console. 
```

> We are happy to announce that you can now manage the notifications of your Organization in the console. 
> 
> Select the users to be alerted for each notification type and consult the history of notifications. More product integrations will come.  
> 
> Read our [documentation on Notification manager](/account/how-to/manage-notifications#types-of-notifications) to learn more.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

You can now manage your Organization’s notifications directly in the Scaleway console: choose which users receive alerts for each notification type and review notification history. More product integrations are coming soon.

Read our [documentation on the notification manager](/account/how-to/manage-notifications#types-of-notifications) to learn more.
```
